Hey. Hey. Hey.
Hey,
hey, hey, hey.
>> [music]
>> Hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey,
hey, hey, hey, hey, hey.
dance.
Hey.
All right, y'all. Man, we got some
technical difficulties rolling on today.
We are live on this beautiful Wednesday.
Hey, God bless everybody in Jesus name
as Bitcoin is going straight to zero. My
goodness, guys, smash up the likes. Yes,
Jason's on the Obama internet, man.
Jason is straight up on the Obama
internet. You know, the truth is back in
my college days when I was majoring in
trans non-carbon binary mission gender
studies with a minor in Pakistani safe
space studies. Obama did give me an
Obama phone and he promised me I'd have
good Wi-Fi, but you know what? It didn't
turn out so great. But you know what?
Big shout out to Obama.
Big shout out to Obama. I love Barack.
Barack Barack Obama. Barack Obama.
He's a good guy. All right.
He's a great guy.
Jason Casper, let me tell you, that man
is something else. A true warrior for
change. He's the first ever trans
non-carbon binary emission gender
standards major to ever reach 200,000
subscribers on YouTube.
Boom, baby. Now look, Bitcoin's taking a
massive dump right here. We're up
$95,000 in profit. You know what's
[clears throat] crazy? I think this is
this might be this honestly might be my
most profitable trade of all time. I
don't think I I have never hit $100,000
on a single trade before. Now, I haven't
hit $100,000 in this trade either.
All right, but this very well may be my
most profitable trade of all time. All
right, big shout out to everybody in the
chat, guys. We are going to be giving
away we're going to be giving away uh
$500 if we can get the likes up to the
watchers. All right, so hurry up. Smash
up the likes. Let's see if we can't get
500 likes and we'll give away $500. All
right, Bitcoin taking a massive dump. We
got to talk about it because we are
quickly quickly quickly approaching the
bottom of the range here, guys. And man,
let's let's discuss what's happened
today. So basically guys, you know, this
morning we saw the most bearish thing
you could possibly imagine on the
Bitcoin chart, which is this. All right,
we've came down. We got a little bit of
a bounce from this area right here. All
right, long given in the Casper Crew VIP
Discord yesterday,
and we did hit a TP1 on that long. All
right, but then after TP1 hit on that
long, guess what? Massive big old
dumperoni and cheese. Um, we hit our TP1
right around here. All right, right
around daily open. We hit the TP1,
but then this morning we got something
known as a chicken's drinking water
pattern. All right, we took the
liquidity with the most bearish signs
you could possibly ask for on market
cipher B. We saw none other than the
momentum waves getting way low, the
money flow curving way down on the
12minut time frame, on the 24-minut time
frame as well. Insanely bearish
divergences, more bearish than pretty
much anything I've ever seen in my life.
I'm not even kidding. And of course that
has dumped us all the way down here
where we are currently.
We are getting a little bit of a bounce
here. We're like trying to get a bounce
here. And you know what? I'll be honest
with you. I am personally looking to
make a new low right now. I think we had
our opportunity.
If we go back to the daily time frame
here, we took the February 6th low. We
had the opportunity to turn bullish, but
instead we simply just back tested the
PC. And now I I do think it's most
probable we come for the lows. And if
we're going to come for the lows, well,
why not? Why not? Why not come to the
macro Fibonacci golden pocket from the
low to the high? That's going to take us
around $57ish,000.
I think that's probably going to be our
next target. Is it guaranteed? No.
Nothing is guaranteed here in trading,
guys. Nothing is guaranteed here in
trading. But this trade that I'm in
right now, we've been in it since the
14th of May in the Casper Crew VIP
Discord. I've been compounding this
short for about a month and 10 days now.
And so, yeah, in the juiciest profits.
All right, in the juiciest dang profits.
Now, I'm not going to lie, I got
absolutely destroyed this morning. I got
absolutely destroyed this morning. ended
up uh giving back over $10,000 of these
profits here on my trades this morning
trying to long some key levels. All
right, so I did get sliced and diced
this morning big time. All right, but
that's okay. That's okay. That's part of
the game, guys. Getting sliced and diced
is part of the game. Let's see what's
going to happen here because
we there is a chance we make a higher
low. We're coming down to the chance
where we could actually make a higher
low here. And as I look at market cipher
B, I'm not gonna lie. I'm feeling I'm
feeling like
[sighs]
the one hour looks like crap. All right,
does not look bullish at all. The 4 hour
does have the potential still to be
quite bullish. All right, the 4 hour
does have potential to be bullish here.
The daily time frame has potential
to be a little bullish. Now, the
24-minut time frame, when we look at
this thing, it is actually looking quite
bullish. In fact, you know what? It's so
interesting to see that we confirmed a
green dot bit boy butt cheeks here on
the 24m minute of just around 60,300.
That's where I tried to long it by the
way. That's where I tried to long it by
the way. And we confirmed that 24-minute
bull div but now it's flopping back
over. But the money flow is looking
good. So honestly like another drop to
the downside and we are seeing some
bullish divs form here. But let's see
what's going to happen here as we are
currently up. Can you believe this?
$96,500.
Ah, that is pretty crazy. I'm not going
to lie. Um, yeah, we all got a little
sliced and diced for sure, man. For
sure. Chop liver 30k coming. We got to
give a big shout out to everybody in the
chat. Let's see who we got in the house
today. Shout out to Manuel Brinciento.
Shout out to George 3141.
He says 500 back in March, April, May.
And uh now I have been I've been getting
chopped myself. All right. This this
swing short has been carrying me in the
profits. All right, but yeah, you know,
it happens. That's why it's so important
to focus on zerisk management.
Zariska management. And let me see, are
we experiencing buffering here? Cuz we
got some serious technical difficulties
in the house. Yeah, look at this
straight garbageio. Straight garbageio,
man. This straight garbageio.
Sheesh.
Now 63119 and 32. Now it's 63119 and 32
right here. Now this is a $300,000
position. $296,000.
Um but yeah, obviously my original entry
on this was on May 14th.
Uh on May 14th when the setup was given
in the moment in the Casper crew,
we were way up here at uh about
81.5,000. So yeah, this is a trade that
I've obviously been compounding along
the way down. All right, compounding
along the way down. And really, I I
don't know. I'm just trying to see what
the market's going to give me now with
this thing. All right, I'm trying to see
what the market's going to give me now
with this thing. All right, by the way,
guys, big shout out to the Casper Crew
VIP Discord. capturing.com, best
community in the world. Big shout out to
KSEX, lowest fees, $21,000 deposit
bonus. Big shout out to Antarctic
Decentralized Exchange, super low fees,
and all that good stuff.
All right, now
let's discuss what is going to happen in
the future. All right, weekly market
cipher B money flow back in the red.
This is the first time since the bare
market began that we very well may have
bullish divergences on our weekly time
frame. Weekly starting to curve up here.
It's actually looking pretty nice. And
let me just say this, guys. All right.
I'm optimistic on Bitcoin. I'm
optimistic on crypto in general. All
right. I'm very optimistic. I'm very
bullish on Bitcoin. I'm very bullish on
crypto in general. Even if we get a drop
all the way down to my final target,
just below $40,000. I am ultra bullish
on Bitcoin. I'm looking to buy Bitcoin
on spot on the dumps. And I welcome a
drop. I welcome a drop. I welcome a
drop. I'll tell you why. because I have
made lots of money since 2016
buying Bitcoin cheap and taking profits
when Bitcoin pumps. And I do not see why
that's not going to happen. Again, all
the handwriting on the wall. We go to
the index, the Bitcoin alltime index.
Let's not lose sight of what's happening
here. Every single bare market bottom
happens with two things. Number one, it
happens around 365 days from the
all-time high.
All right, 365 days puts us right here
for this bottom, right back in 2018. And
it happens right around the Fibonacci
786 level. All right, then in 2022 about
365 days after the all-time high, we
bottom out right here. And we bottom out
at the 786 level. All right, guess what?
365 days from October 6th, 2025
will put us right around here.
right around the beginning of October
2026.
And so we're looking for this area
between the 618 and the 786 to get in on
the Bitcoin right around this time
frame, right around a year after the
all-time high. We welcome another drop.
We expect another drop. We're happy for
another drop to get in on the Bitcoin
price so we can pump it up to new
all-time highs, baby. All right, the
trend is your friend until the end. And
right now, this is a clearly defined
uptrend. All right, say clearly defined
uptrend, higher lows, higher highs, and
these drops are opportunities. All
right, so that's the macro. I am not
concerned about Bitcoin. I am not
bearish on Bitcoin. I'm not bearish on
Ethereum. I'm not even bearish on
Cardano, even though they got hacked.
Even though Jason Richardson, Hopkinson,
Charles Hopinson, Johnson and Johnson, a
family company, Hopkinson, CJ
Hopkinson.com,
says he's taking a break from the
internet and his thing got hacked. All
right, I'm not even bearish on Cardano.
All right,
I am optimistic on this industry in
general. We still got more time to
squeeze some juicy gains out of here.
All right, now Bitcoin price in my
opinion, highest likely chance right now
as we are $17,000 in unrealized, $80,000
in real. My goodness, $97,000 in Man,
this will be a benchmark for me if I
even hold a trade. Have I ever had a
trade worth $100,000 in profit? I think
I have. I think I have. I haven't
realized it. That's my problem. Jason
Casper gets too greedy.
All right.
But in all probabilities, I I do say our
next target for Bitcoin is to take the
low of this range. All right.
That just makes the most sense. Could we
get a reversal here, a higher low? Yeah.
Yeah. Yeah, we could. And a quick
reminder, guys, smash up the likes
because if we get 500 likes, we're
giving away $500. And I'm not talking
about a like bot. All right? Don't come
over here with your dang boss to pump
the likes. All right, these need to be
organic, non- GMO, glyphosate free,
sprouted,
sprouted, organic, non GMO,
glyphosatefree likes. All right. Non GMO
sprouted, glyphosate free likes. Okay.
Um,
better get out 58 says trader guru. 58k.
That's what I think honestly is what I'm
looking for. Big shout out to Alex O in
the house. God bless you, Alex Oo. Good
to see you here, man. You're the man,
bro. I appreciate you so much. All
right, guys. Make sure to subscribe to
Alex Oo if you have not already.
Um, you can't hear me. You can't hear
me. Some people say sound is good.
Cardano, gay, obese, non-carbon emission
people. Jay taking screenshots, not
profits. Yeah. Yeah. Seriously, you guys
remember that trade I ended up it was I
think combined had over $100,000 in
profit, but I think I closed at like
50k. I basically gave back half of that
profit. It is what it is, guys. Look, I
got a goal. All right, I put my thumb up
in real life. Shout out to Around Town.
Shout out to Cryptocon. Shout out to
Adam Thomas. Jason Casper is the best
teacher. Do you think that? That makes
me feel good inside, man. All right,
organic glyphosate. Yeah, we need some
organic glyphosate.
Here we go. As Bitcoin is coming on
down,
she's coming on down
to our next levels. All right. Wow. Look
at this. So, let's go to our 4hour time
frame. So, we've got our level here.
We've got our 59059 level. And then we
have our golden pocket
[clears throat] 618 naked monthly point
of control around this zone right here,
guys. All right. Around this zone right
here. And this is a zone of I'd say of
about let's see.
Wow. Only about a 1% zone. So, yeah. You
know. Yeah. You know, about a 1% zone.
Yeah. You know 1% zone ET phone home. My
name is Mr. Jones. I'm calling on the
phone. I can feel it in my bones that
we're about to drop, baby. Let's see if
we get the drop. Let's see if we get the
drop.
Are we going to get the drop or what?
What do you guys think is going to
happen? New York has just got back from
lunch and I'm curious to know what do
you guys think is going to happen here.
All right,
fake bounce soon. Yeah, if we get the
fake bounce soon, that's not a good
sign,
right? That's really not a good sign.
That's really not a good sign. If we get
the fake bounce soon,
if 599K does not hold, I'm expecting
565. Yeah, we're we're coming down to
the golden pocket.
54 will sucker many in for a bounce or
for a short.
For a bounce or for a short? All right,
let's see here. Let's see here. Let's go
to our 12minut. Oof 12minute looking
garbageio, man. What the heck? What the
actual here? Look at the money flow
coming out on the on the 12. Let's go to
the 6 minute here. In the 6 minutes
looking garbage, you know.
Yeah. Let's see if we don't get a drop
here. Oh man, we're coming down to the
low, baby. We're coming down to the low.
Look out below. Look out below.
524 Bitcoin waiting to be bought on
Binance. Is that true? I know, but the 1
hour's bullish, the 24 minutes bullish.
Like, this is giving me mixed signals,
guys. Like, you know, I I got chopped up
today. I I got I got chopped up.
Look at this. Look at this. You guys see
this crap? I got I've gotten chopped up,
man. I've gotten chopped up. I've
literally today given back 10k of my
profits.
Long trade that I was in from yesterday.
Close it in a loss, right? I've given
back. Let's see.
Doing math in my head here.
We'll call this 10.
We'll call this 15. We'll call this 17.
$17,000.
$17,000, man. Down the drain here. So 8
9 10 11 12 13
14K
that's like 87K man that man that's
crazy man that is that is a lot of money
to be to be down the drain you know
basically all pretty much all this
unrealized profits here if I close this
out I'd be at a break even you know that
is nuts man I've gotten chopped chopped
up gotten chopped up
Um,
you know, am I opening a freshy long
here? Well, I'll be honest. I've taken
two losses today. I'm scared to open up
a freshy. Is there a chance that we take
this low here and get a bounce? Yes. And
do we have some low time frame bullish
divergences? Yes.
But, you know, honestly,
for my own personal risk, h,
you know, it's not a good time for me to
open up a freshy. We do have a very nice
bullish divergence on the 24-m minute
here. So, I would much rather prefer to
come and take down that low. You know, I
would much rather prefer to come and
take the low. All right. I I I I think
that's most probable now. We cuz we've
had our chance. We've had our chance.
And if if we do get a bounce here, I'll
come back tomorrow with a fresh set of
eyes and look for a new long entry to be
honest with you.
You know, [music]
I'll come back tomorrow.
Um,
I know I'm still way way up in profit. I
know. I know. I know.
>> I know.
But even still, uh, you know, it never
feels good to get back your gains. But
yeah, I'm still way up in profit. The
last two months, I think I'm up 130K
since uh
since the beginning of May,
end of April.
So yeah, I'm not too sad,
but I'm I'm I'm I'm cautious because I
saw some good confirmations earlier
today to take some trades and it did not
play out the way I wanted. Man, shout
out to Bullish on Parade. Shout out to
Gety M9Q. Shout out to Divine Hood. He
says, "Don't try to catch the knife."
But Divine Hood, you know me, bro. I'm a
knife catcher. Hasn't been working out
so good for me lately, to be honest,
though. But yeah, that's what I'm
saying. That's why I'd rather come back
tomorrow with a fresh set of eyes.
I'd rather come back tomorrow with a
fresh set of eyes.
All right. Come on, Biddy. Come on,
Biddy. Just give us one more big drop.
Sailor about to go SPF level Fibonacci.
All right, let's check out strategy.
All right, let's check out strategy
here.
[laughter]
Strategy.
Wow. Wow.
Look at strategy right now. Dumping into
this box of support here. This is a box
of support here. Let's go ahead and pull
our Fibonacci from the low to the high
here on strategy.
Put it on log.
Why do I have this box here?
Maybe because of this. I don't know. Why
do I have a box here?
Uh support resistance flip maybe.
But look at this, man. This is nuts on
strategy. We are We are potentially
coming back inside that previous range.
[music]
Oof, man. I don't even want to think
about that. Let's Let's pull it from the
high here. Let's just Let's just take a
look at this. Okay. Maybe maybe because
of the value area low of this box here,
guys. Honestly, this could be this could
be I'd be very interested to look and
see if strategy can reclaim 104 because
that is a very key level. plus the value
area low of this range 104.
Guys, smash up the likes.
If we can reclaim that, I I do think
that would be our first sign of
strength. But right now, if we're not
going to reclaim that, the the danger
here with strategy is this green box.
Even though I don't remember why exactly
I drew the box, this is a very important
support resistance flip. We lose the
box, guys. We are coming back into the
previous range.
And again, we could actually see micro
strategy come down to, you know, in the
50s. In the 50s, that would be a
catalyst. Wow, look at that. Yeah.
Previous range value area high macro
golden pocket around 58. This could be
the catalyst for the bottom of the bare
market, guys. Because let me tell you,
when the normies, all right, when the
normies see that strategy has to sell
large amounts of Bitcoin,
man, that is going to be horrible for
that. People are going to say, "That's
it. Bitcoin's over." It's going to be
some Sam Bankman Freed level stuff as as
my man in the chat said. All right. some
Sam some Sam Bankman Freed level stuff
like he's going to be the new
>> he's going to be the new Bitcoin villain
from hero to villain from hero to
villain you know from hero to villain
that is some wild stuff guys can you
imagine that can you imagine that
all right
shout out to Splash Films finally
Definitely some bare market action. Why
are all the YouTubers going live? Um,
well, there's two major times that
YouTubers go live, but who else is going
live? Tom Crown would usually be live
around now. The moon goes live earlier.
Sam Price goes live earlier. Discover
Crypto goes live earlier. Um, what's um
Minepillar Crypto goes live earlier with
Andy. Uh, Alex O goes live earlier.
Um,
Trader Gio, I don't think he really goes
live much anymore.
Um, [music] yeah, the only guy that
really goes live right now is is Tom
Crown. Who else is live right now?
>> Shout out to Custom Custody Made in the
chat. Um,
yeah, Sailor is going to be the next
villain, the one that dumps us 30K
again. Yeah, I I think that's a very
plausible thing. That makes the most
sense to me. Look at this micro strategy
losing support right now. Again, if we
reclaim 104, that's, you know, then it
is a fake out. But
I'd say this green line at 88.21 is a
nice looking level. We would fill the
gap. Let's go to the weekly here. We
would have some gaps. Do we have a gap
on the weekly? No gap on the weekly. We
do have gaps on the daily. And look at
this. I mean, this is just fair value
gap city right here between $80 and $88.
I'd say a nice a pristine level of
support for strategy come in around this
area. Uhoh. I have a tickle of my nose.
That was weird. Tickle in my nose. Felt
a big sneeze coming on.
Sin City Crypto is live. Man, Sin City
Crypto. Let's check him out. I haven't
checked him out in a while.
Um,
>> let's see. Sin City
Crypto,
man. Look, I have a whole bunch of naked
dudes on my YouTube uh uh my YouTube
suggested. What does that tell you about
Jason Casper?
>> That's just me on one hour.
Look at how professional Sin City Crypto
is, man. The These guys are the real
deal.
>> My goodness. These guys are the real
deal. Oh my goodness. I I will never be
on this level. Jason Gas will never be
on this level. My goodness. Sensity
Crypto.
These guys have it all. These guys have
it all. Look at Oh my goodness. Wow.
Inspirational.
Inspirational. I will never be on this
level, guys. You know what I think I'm
going to do? I'm going to make this my
lock screen
photo right here so that whenever I open
my phone, I'll remember how how
unprofessional of a YouTube channel I am
and there's always something more to
aspire to. Big shout out to Sin City
Crypto, man. Seriously, talk about
inspiration here. Talk about
inspiration,
man. Big shout out. Big shout out. Big
shout.
I'm going to leave a chat. God bless.
>> All right.
All right. All right. All right,
man.
[laughter]
>> Divine Hood puts in work. Yeah, Divine
Hood, man. But he goes live later. He
usually is live after me, you know. He's
usually live after me. You never cared
for Dezy?
He comes off as a prick. You know what's
funny? Diese is not a prick at all.
Diese is like the coolest guy I know.
That's not true. He's not the coolest
guy. No, but Dy's a cool guy.
He's a cool guy. Why don't people like
Dezy?
I have nothing but positive things to
say about Deezy.
All right. Takes me back to the around
the blockchain days. Those were some
good days, you know. Um
those are some good days. is we need
CryptoCrank to go live. Well, Crypto
Crank's a scalper, so uh he probably
shorted this and he probably made like
thousands of dollars in a tiny move. Now
he's probably out waiting for another
scalp, you know. Here we go, guys. Let's
see if we can't come down.
If all we all we need is another,
you know, 1,200 uh I'm sorry, no 2,200
$2,200 before we're we are making six
figures. Six figures,
baby. Oh my goodness. This is crazy.
Yeah, we need 500 likes, guys. [music]
Uh, we need 500 likes.
All right. Preparing for wars. His mom
says he's a cool guy. My mom doesn't say
that. I should do a live while streaming
on your my K Cabota.
I should I should do a live from the
chicken coop as well, you know. I should
do a live from the chicken coop.
Breakdown or CDW? I'm expecting a
breakdown. Um,
I'm expecting a breakdown. And the
reason why I'm expecting a breakdown is
because, well, I used to play in a metal
band. And you always got to expect those
good breakdowns to come in.
Um, but no, seriously, the reason why
I'm expecting a breakdown and not a CDW
is because we had the opportunity for
the CDW, right? We had the opportunity
over here for the CDW.
we rejected from the PC. And so now
highest probability is lower or low. Um,
and not just a CD. It could be a CDW
though. CDub of the CDub. Anything is
possible. All things are possible, guys.
All right.
Um,
yeah. Yeah. Yeah.
All right, guys. Smash up the likes.
Frankie Candles is live, huh?
Shout out to Tory Trades. That line
didn't hold. Look, sometimes they don't
they don't hold around the blockchain.
Yeah. Yeah, that that was a good those
were some good times, guys. Those were
some good times in the in that that
whole era of crypto. The uh the 2022
bare market was a good time in crypto.
uh in the beginning and then things
start to get very strange toward the end
of that.
All right, I have to say, man, I have to
be honest, the last bare market, I get
so nostalgic for the 2021 2022 bare
market, those were some good times. This
bare market kind of sucked, just like
the bull market kind of sucked, man.
You know, I I'm such a nostalgic kind of
guy. You know, those are some good times
in the 2022 bare market and the 2020
bull market. 2021 bull market. There was
those are some good time. I think 2020
and 2021 was the peak of crypto
uh enjoyment in the space here on the
internet because you had you had, you
know, all these new content creators
coming out. You had the the the
shutdowns, everybody all about crypto,
everybody getting into trading. Uh you
had Cryptoface and his legendary live
streams. You had Bit Boy going from
loser in his mom's basement to
multi-millionaire Lambo driving
uh
million subscriber kind of channel,
right?
You had Carl from the Moon go from
grocery store to Bugatti.
Those are some good times, man. Those
are some good times.
Yeah.
All right, let's see what's going on
here.
All right, Micro Strategy taking a
massive dump. Let's check out Bitcoin. I
honestly do think guys, Bitcoin probably
going to come down to the golden pocket.
Let's check out Etherum here.
ETH rejecting from PC,
not looking the best. You know, it's
interesting. Bitcoin and ETH, they both
gave it a good shot to break resistance
and they both couldn't. So now makes the
most sense to me that ETH would probably
go for the liquidity
that we have around here, 1300.
That would be my next place to look if
we can't hold this value low. And we
gave it a good shot. We gave it a good
shot. That's the thing. Bitcoin and ETH
giving it good shots here. Come on,
baby.
Let's go for the low.
Let's go
for the low.
Let's go for the low. Here we go. We're
going to go for the low. We're
consolidating at the low. That's not
very bullish. I think we could come down
to the 50s. I think we can come down to
the 50s. We might have to buy on spot,
to be honest.
You know
what? If we all did a stream without Bit
Boy.
Yeah, I don't know. It's hard to It's
hard to coordinate those kinds of
things. You know what I'm saying? You
know. Uh,
what do I think about Solana? 28K coming
says uh Olo Treuj. Olo Treju. [music]
What do I think about Solana? Let's
check out Soul. All right.
Let's check this thing out here.
Let's close off everything on actually.
What? Whoops.
I have What in the world is Jason Casper
doing here? I went straight white
Phoenix on y'all.
All right, we got some high time frame
levels on soul here.
>> [music]
>> Okay, so we have a weekly level below
weekly order block and then we have some
monthly stuff. Um,
let me clear this off. Let me go to the
monthly.
Let's pull a fib from low to high,
man. Man.
Yeah. I mean,
[clears throat]
you know, look, I I'll tell you this.
You know, what looks really nice on
stolen. I don't mean to get bearish
because we're bearish right now, but
this does not this this not look
beautiful. Look at all this nonsup
support on the weekly until we come back
to the support resistance flip from July
2023, right at the Fibonacci golden
pocket and this major support resistance
slip going back to 2021.
Um, let's go ahead and pull some volume
on Solana.
Well, look at all the volume.
Wow. P even lower than that golden
pocket there. O man. O man. I I Let's
pull it from the bare market bottom.
Oof. Man, most of the volume is down in
this zone here. Like I have to be
honest. Like
this zone right here is is the zone for
looking to get in on spot. This is the
zone right here. Let's check out our
weekly time frame.
um potential of a bull div
nothing too crazy
I would say there's just so much
liquidity here on the weekly to be taken
we have a weekly order block at 57
but other than that we don't really have
very much we have a fair value gap
that'll be filled at 4670
confluence with this little support
resistance slip but I say that the big
zone is going to be coming back down
into 35 and below but Um,
look at the twomonth here.
It looks like we want to fill the Bart
Simpson and bounce from this area on the
two-month, you know. Man, that's nuts.
That is pretty nuts. All right,
Bitcoin's kind of holding steady. She's
holding steady like her name is Freddy.
Does buying small portions of Bitcoin on
spot also worth it? Yeah, why not, man?
Why not? Yeah, if you're just trying to
stack your Satoshi's, I don't see
anything wrong with that. You know, I
used to back in the day before I was a
trader, I used to literally buy Bitcoin
every single month. I would bge for that
stuff. You know, I'd write it into the
bay. You got to have a bay. How much
money you're spending, how much money
you're making. Me and my wife, we'd bay
Bitcoin every single month, no matter
what. You know, stack your sats. It is a
bullish asset. I could see it above
$200,000 someday.
You know, I could I could I could Here
we go.
We're going for the low. Here we go.
Here we go. We're going for the low.
You think 55K is the bottom? Could be.
Could be. I'm bearish AF, but if you own
zero Bitcoin, today is a great day to
buy a little Bitcoin. Yeah, honestly, we
are 50% discounted on Bitcoin. Let's
check out gold is also dumping today,
too. But yeah, from the all-time high as
it currently stands today, guys, if
you're if you if you own no Bitcoin
right now, we are officially
uh over 50% discount on Bitcoin. All
right, that is objectively speaking
great. All right. Any other thing in
life? Someone said, "Hey, I'll give it
to you half off." You'd say, "Yeah."
Right. So, let's see if we can't get a
little bit more off. Obviously,
the uh 786 fib level
is the uh the ideal target. That's
That's going to be a 70% discount. Let's
check out gold quickly here, y'all. Oh
my goodness. Gold. Look at gold. Oh my
Oh my. So, here's the thing with gold.
We have the liquidity right here.
right potential.
But if not, guys, then we don't really
have much support until we're coming
down into this zone right here. All
right, this is the next zone of support
for gold.
If we don't get a bounce from around
this level,
this is going to be the next level of
support here coming down to the May,
June, July, August, the summer of 2025
levels. Cuz look at this. We just came
straight up. We could come straight down
and fill all of that. Not saying we're
going to, but this obviously is quite
overextended. And if we zoom out, let's
take it back to 2022.
Just out of curiosity, let's actually
pull a macro fib here.
This is on log scale.
Let's take it off log real quick. Just
curious.
So, the non-log golden pocket
is going to be around uh right around
3,000. The log scale golden pocket is
going to be lower. Let's put on our log
scale 50% retracement.
Yeah. So 50% retracement right around
3,000.
You know,
man, you know, it would be wild if we
literally, and I'm not saying that's
going to happen. I'm just looking at the
chart saying, wouldn't it be crazy if we
back tested this support? That would be
nuts. But yeah, it's pretty obvious
right now. If we're not going to get a
bounce from here,
then we will probably come down to this
zone right here. But I do have to say
this, you know, the next weekly green
dot we get on gold
is probably going to give us a pretty
significant move to the upside. Gold is
not a bearish asset,
right? Gold is definitely not a bearish
asset. So the last major runaway pump we
had on gold 2011 resulted in multi-year
consolidation cup and handle. Cup and
handle did not disappoint.
Right. Cup and handle did not
disappoint.
Look at this thing.
[snorts]
This thing did not disappoint.
You know, we hit the target and then
some. So, it'd be interesting if we come
back and we back test the target of the
head and shoulders around that $3,000
level and get a little bit of a bounce.
A little bit of a bounce. A little bit
of a bounce. Whoa.
Bitcoin dumping, baby.
Let me sniff your sandals. Bitcoin.
Bitcoin. Let me sniff those sandals.
We're coming down to the low on Bitcoin.
Oh my goodness.
We're so close to up $100,000. I'm going
to screenshot it and post it on Twitter.
That way I never forget the moment. I
could have made $100,000.
You know,
is gold a good place to buy now?
Uh, I would say like as a trader, no.
Uh, I would rather wait for a nice level
or entry.
Cuz right now we're just I'd say I would
like to go for the low. As somebody who
just wants [clears throat] to hold gold
in general, I say it's the same as
someone who wants to stack their
Satoshi's. Like it's never a bad idea to
get gold in general. Um, that's what I
think. But look, I would much rather
prefer gold back down under 4,000. Well,
it is under 4,000, but more so I would
prefer down around $3500, $3,000 on gold
before I I haven't bought gold on spot
at these prices. And I'm a big gold spot
buyer. [music] In fact, I I have talked
about it before, but there are there are
banks that have goldbacked accounts,
right? So, every dollar you deposit into
the bank,
um,
they actually back up that dollar with
physical gold or silver or platinum. And
so, your bank account numbers will move
with the price of gold and silver. So,
all right. I cannot wait to screenshot
my $100,000 here. It's going to go for a
second and then we're going to pump. All
right. Let's see.
Got to get my face ready.
Oh, man. I don't know if it's going to
happen, guys. Oh no. Big pump. Big pump.
Did Bbit take the low?
Let's see here.
Oh my goodness. By didn't even take the
low. This is the most painful,
disgusting thing I've ever seen in my
life.
[singing]
You know,
oh, did BB take the low out?
There we go. Got my Got my screenshots
in.
$100,000. All right, cool.
We'll get another.
There we go. Got some good faces in
there.
All right. We're taking the low. We're
taking the low. Look out below cuz we're
taking the low. We're taking the low. My
name is Mr. Joe. Whoa.
So, little CD dub on the low.
Let's see what happened on the order
flow.
Wow. Lots of longs liquidated there on
the low. We'll probably get a little
little bit of a something here.
I wouldn't be surprised. I would not be
surprised
if we get a little bit of a something
here.
But
I still think we're eventually going to
go for the low below.
But I would not be surprised if we get a
little bit of a something here.
a little bit of some relief here taking
this low. Maybe until later tonight.
Let's wait and see here.
We got a little bit of a blue candle
popping up here.
A little bit of a blue candle. It's a
good thing I took a screenshot, you
know, of $100,000.
Should have closed it, right,
guys? Smash up the likes.
Um,
when am I going to close this short? I'm
I'm going to take some profit when we
come down to um
when we come down to the 50s. All right.
And of course, if we start to change
market structure here, maybe I'll I'll
contemplate a bit of a long on a
retrace, you know, maybe something like
this,
you know,
but
Let's check out our Bitcoin market.
Cyber B.
We took the low again. Wow. Technically,
now we do have a daily bullish div. The
1 hour looks like poo. The 24-minut
um honestly doesn't look so bad. The
24-minut looks pretty good. The 12minut
looks like poo in a bucket. Um,
>> six minute as well. Looks like
garbagino.
Garbagino. Looks like garbagino.
Looks like garbagino.
Man, I would love another dip down. I
would just love another dip down.
I would love another little dip down.
$500. May buy one Bitcoin soon. Yeah,
seriously.
This person says, "Dear Jason, please
say chi."
There you go.
Chihuahua.
All right.
Yeah, we're trying to get a little
something something here.
Wow, we got 700,000. We got a million
longs coming on in here. 43 million
longs in this candle here.
If we're going to get some relief, it's
going to be from here,
man. Man, man.
Man, man.
You know. Hey, man.
Um,
we got to stick to the plan, man.
This can't be the bottom. Yeah, this
can't I I doubt this is the bottom, but
if we're going to get some relief until
daily open, it probably be from here,
you know?
Probably get some. Yeah, shout out to at
Asian language character that I don't
know what it is. Yeah, I'll say Chahua
for you anytime. All right, Chahwa.
Big volume today and one minute candles.
Yeah. I mean, we got, you know, 200 mil.
Yeah, you're right. Look at that. We got
some We got some big volume coming in.
150 mil.
Uh
yeah, look at this. 120, 220, 239, 150.
We got some big volume candles right up
in here, you know. Right up in here.
consolidation within this little zone
here.
Let's check out the 5second on that low.
I'm very curious.
Dancing on the line.
Dancing on the line. It's like sweet
potato French fries are dancing on the
line. Are they healthy? Are sweet potato
French fries healthy? That's the
question.
You know, are sweet potato French fries
healthy? It's dancing on the line. It's
a sweet potato. It's a whole food.
But it's dancing on the line.
You know,
what happened to Anthony Fouchy?
Uh, I don't know. Wasn't there some news
that came out or something about him
that like I don't know. All that crap is
a big joke, guys.
It's all a big joke, you know.
It's all a big joke.
>> Don't worry about it. Don't worry about
Anthony Fouchy.
Is a chocolatecovered fried apple
healthy? Yes, it's very healthy. It's
fried in tallow. That's healthy. That's
the way to go. Yeah. All right, guys. We
got 500 likes, which means we're going
to do a $500 giveaway. What I need you
guys to do is I need you to spam the
chat
with your
USDT address. All right? Spam the chat
with your USDT address, guys,
and we will go ahead and do a giveaway.
All right, spam the chat with your
with your USDT address.
All right, go ahead. Spam the chat.
>> Did I hear about Joey Chestnut getting
drunk?
Uh, no, I haven't. And I don't even know
who that is.
I don't even know who that is.
>> Wow, silver's at $56 an ounce right now.
>> All right. Yeah, spam the chat, guys,
with your USDT addresses.
All right. What we'll do is we'll count
down
from 10 and pick one. 10 9 8 7 6 5 4 3
two one boom. All right, let's see who
our winner is. Our winner is uh Cohen
Vanberg.
Cohen Vanberg. Big shout out to Cohen
Uh, let's see. Where's Cohen Vanberg?
Right here. Going to copy that address
and I'm going to send it to myself.
Send it to myself.
Bam. Boom.
And I will send you $500 right now.
Right now. Congratulations to Con Van
Burn.
You know, congrats. Let me send it to
you right now.
Right
sent. Congratulations, my man.
Congratulations.
just sent it to you.
Just sent it to you.
Congratulations.
All right. Look, we got a little tiny
local like little thing here. This
little thing.
You see this? Let's go. Let's go in.
All right. Let's go in.
Tight stop.
Let's see. Got a little bounce from our
382. 382 FIBO. Let's see.
See if we can't Let's see if we can't
get a little Oh my goodness.
Long the top, baby. All right. Let's see
here. Put on our 382. [music]
Yeah. Let's see. Getting a bounce from
the 382. Let's see if we can't 382 this
this thing. All right. Can we 382 this?
Let's see.
Let's see. Can we 38 tour? What do you
think?
Shout out to Coan Vanberg.
Fat phobic is the best phobic.
I do enjoy being fat phobic. I am scared
of being fat. I'm not even going to lie.
I'm literally scared of being fat
because, man, I was fat when I was
younger and I hate being fat.
I hate being fat.
>> You wouldn't have long dead, Jose. I
wouldn't have longed dead either. But
you know what? It's for the sake of the
YouTube views, man. Let's see what
happens here. If JC gets wrecked live or
not, you know what's another $800.
You know, that's the mindset that killed
the cat right there.
It's looking pretty bad actually. It's
looking really bad. It's looking pretty
terrible. Looking like I should just get
out of this thing right now, man. I
should flop and grope, man. The flop and
grope show.
You can't get fat if you wanted to. My
goodness. Why not? Why not? Why can't
you get fat even if you wanted to?
What's my opinion on holding Bitcoin
leverage longs? Uh, I love it. You know,
more long, more views. Uh, just more
trades, more views in general.
You know, whether they be winners or
losers,
whether they be winners or losers.
We should take a look at silver because
silver's crossing a very key line.
Let's check out silver quick.
Oh my goodness. Look at silver. Oh my
goodness.
Whoa.
Wow,
man. I've lost so much money since
February.
Wow.
Silver at the macro 786. I mean this is
a very important support on silver here
guys that we are coming down to right
now. is like super super important on
silver.
Like this zone right here. So important,
man. Look at that. Look at that.
That is crazy.
How much did I lose in the period since
May?
Um well uh quite a bit actually. So
these are my trades going back the whole
month of June and May. So I've lost
today. I got chopped up.
Um
yeah, let's see here. Let's go through
them all.
We'll go through them all. This is May.
Going back to May. May, May, May, May.
This is still May.
Um,
yeah. I mean, so let's Yeah. So, from
from April until now, if we go from the
beginning of April until now, um,
yeah, let's see here. Let's see here.
Let's see here. Let's see here. We'll go
from April until now. I'm putting this
in the chat GBT since Antarctic doesn't
have his stuff yet.
See,
my win rate is less than 50%.
Okay.
Okay. Okay.
All right. So, net P&L 126,000.
Gross losses 61K.
Net wins 180K. Win rate is 35%.
27 losing trades, 15 winning trades, 42
total trades.
My average win is $12,000. My average
loss is $2,000. Gives me a profit factor
of 3.05.
Average risk-reward ratio is 5.5.
So,
so yeah, I've lost quite a bit. Tens of
thousands. All right. Tens of thousands.
There's no statistics on the platform.
Not yet. Not yet. But there's going to
be. Look, man. It's a new exchange. I
know. I know. But look, don't worry
about it.
It's coming soon. All right. It's coming
soon.
I guess I could copy and paste. You're
right.
Can we check XRP? We could check XRP.
We could check XRP.
XRP and Dump City.
Um,
wow. So, honestly, the first thing that
stands out to me about XRP is this
93.80.
That's obviously going to be pretty
important. That's a major support
resistance flip just under unular
unular.
Let's make sure this is on log scale.
Let's pull it from the low. Huh? Let's
pull it from the low. That's the COVID
low.
Bare market low.
Man, you guys know what I you know what
I my my historic view on XRP was I'm
going to buy it at 28 cents. I'm not
touching this thing unless it's 28
cents. Here's the thing.
Honestly, what looks pretty good right
now to me as a level of support is
actually going to be the value the the
previous range value area high
confluence with the golden pocket. Let's
pull this thing.
Yeah, look at that. It's beautiful. 76
cents is a really nice level. 50 cents
is also a really nice level if we
continue to drop. Um but we are coming
to some nice supports here.
Man, Bitcoin is is
flopping trying to hold here,
man. I I don't know. I'm the the reason
why I took this long trade here guys as
a scalp is because I saw that we came
down took the liquidity at the 382 and I
thought maybe we could pump and we
haven't changed market structure at all.
This is definitely not like a high
probability setup at all. You know what
would be higher is actually coming down
to retest this maybe. But they're very
very aggressive. This is some knife
catching right here. All right. Remember
I have a 37% win rate. Um,
don't check XRP. It makes me look like I
have Down syndrome. Is that politically
correct to say? Come on. Is that
politically correct to say? Come on,
man. That's kind of sad. You know what
would Carl from the Moon say? You're
making fun of his brother. Come on, man.
We're outside, baby. We're outside. It's
beautiful. It's beautiful. You can I
don't know if you guys can see, but the
um Don't look at the garbage cans. All
right. They're disgusting. But don't
look at all the garbage I have here. You
You You probably can't see, but No, you
can't see back there.
You can't really see that this is
actually a giant field of corn. You
can't tell that it's corn. All right.
You can't tell that.
You can't tell that. All right.
But it's a beautiful day. It's a
beautiful day out here on the homestead.
The chickens are checking. In fact, I
wonder I wonder if the chickens are out.
Let's go see. Let's go see
if the chickens are out.
They are out. They're They're basking in
the sun. They're basking in the sun.
Look at those chickens out there. Let's
see if we if we can't get them basking.
It's hard to see them out there.
Let's see. They're right there just
lying out in the sun.
Nice chickens. Yeah. No chemtrails out
today. Chemtrails are illegal where I
live. You know, they're illegal where I
live. This is some straight Windows 95.
The I live in the Windows 95 original
desktop screen saver. All right. [music]
Do I make my own energy with solar?
Yeah.
Yep. This is the off-grid live stream,
baby.
Yeah, it's off grid.
Am I worried about people finding out
where I live? Um,
you know, there's a lot of things I
could say to that, but
the reality is
the reality is, you know, nothing's
nothing's secure,
right?
But no, I don't think people could find
that out from what I'm showing here.
We're just out in the middle of nowhere.
Out in the middle of nowhere.
Yeah. But yeah, we got the chicken coupe
stream coming ASAP, guys. ASAP.
No, not Windows 98. Windows 95. Look,
there's a big difference. Windows 98.
Let's check it out. Windows
98 doesn't have clouds.
Windows 98 has this. All right. Windows
98 has it looks like chemtrails or
something. The the the the
window logo is surrounded by this bright
shooting out to the side stuff. These
are not natural looking clouds. You can
see on Windows 98. Now, Windows 95. All
right. Very different. Windows 95, as
you can see, has the actual real clouds.
Okay. There's a big difference between
Windows 985 and Windows 98. All right,
the difference is about 3 years. All
right, but really, let's let's take it
back to Windows 3.1. This is this is
where where your boy Jason Casper got
started trading Bitcoin on Windows 3.1.
All right, you guys remember Microsoft
Windows 3.1?
You guys remember this kind of thing
here?
Look at that. Look at that.
Look at that.
Let's see. Windows 3.1 desktop.
Look at that. Wow. This is not Windows
3.1 here. This is Windows 95. You can
tell this is Windows 95 because of the
start menu that was introduced in
Windows 95. This is Windows 3.1.
The program manager, the file manager,
control panel.
Wow. Wow. So, so nostalgic. Do you guys
remember this AOL 2.5?
You know, used to log on, they have all
these buttons you click, you know,
remember that AOL 2.5.
Let's see here.
Remember this?
Remember that? [music]
AOL 2.5. Then they had AOL 3.0. Remember
AOL 3.0?
AOL 3.0 was pretty cool. It seemed more
high-tech. I remember AOL 3.0 had all
these cool buttons up at the top.
Remember I went to my cousin's house?
She had AOL 3.5, I'm sorry, 3.0 with all
these cool buttons. I thought, man, that
looks so high-te. I literally thought
that to myself, man, this is the real
technology right here. All these cool 3D
buttons popping out. And then after AOL
3.0, all the AOL started to look the
same. It wasn't It wasn't cool anymore.
or it wasn't new anymore. AOL 4.0 and
5.0 and 6.0. Who gives a crap? Then
eventually, screw AOL. Anyway, it's all
about the dialup, baby. I mean, it's all
about the It's all about the It's all
about the the off-grid Wi-Fi. You know
what I'm saying? It's all about the
off-grid Wi-Fi, if you know what I'm
saying. Um,
yeah. Mind sweeper.
Napster.
Uh, you know what else? Lime wire. Lime
wire. Remember Limewire used to
illegally download music, but you had to
be on dialup. So, you had to do it at
night so no one else was on the phone
and you didn't know if the song you were
downloading was real or not because
people would put fake names on their
songs. Then the next day, you check come
home from school and see if your song
downloaded. You'd burn it on your CD.
You'd have your custom CD on your CD
player on the school bus. You know,
people ask, "What are what songs are you
listening to, Jason Casper?"
So glad you asked. Come listen.
Come listen.
You'd love to go. Crypto Crypto Ace33
would love to go back in time and know
what he knows now. Me, too. Wouldn't
that be cool? Go back in time and know
what you know now, man.
Man,
I still have a giant 4 megabyte HDD.
Really?
Interesting.
>> Yeah. Yeah. Yeah.
See, I never got porn clips on Lime Wire
cuz I I never downloaded videos on
there, only music. I don't think I had
fast enough internet to download videos
on Lime Wire cuz back in the day, I had
a 56k modem. My household was pretty low
tech, you know. We we didn't even have a
computer. That's why I know about
Windows 3.1 cuz I didn't even get a
computer in my house until 1997
and it was my grandfather's old
computer. He had an IBM PS2
and it had it was upgraded. He had it
originally came with 2 megabytes of disc
space, but he upgraded to 4 megabytes.
And when we got AOL on there, we had to
pretty much delete everything else
because it couldn't couldn't handle
anything else. So, we had we had a
pretty low tech house. We didn't get
cable internet for a long time. We were
dialing it up, you know, well into the
2000s,
you know,
but
but yeah, it's crazy.
Shout out to Alpha Panda Music. Shout
out to Crypto Ace.
But
yeah, shout out to y'all, man. Y'all are
great. We did a $500 giveaway today.
It's been a good day. It's been a good
stream. God bless you guys. I think I'm
going to head out for the day. All
right. God bless you all in Jesus name.
Hope you have a wonderful Wednesday and
Lord willing, I'll see you
on Thursday. Peace.